Welcome everyone to the LLVM Dev Room.
I hope the microphone is working.
This year we have three organizers.
We'd just like to very briefly introduce ourselves.
My name is Christoph Bales.
My name is Peter Smith.
And my name is Marius Brila.
We thought we'd use the first five minutes to give a little bit of general information.
It's an anniversary this year.
This is the 10th LLVM Dev Room.
The first one got started in 2014.
Every year we were here, except for 2021, we couldn't find volunteers to organize.
And there's been quite a few different people who helped with the organization over the
years.
I've put in a few names on the slides.
Not going to call them out.
And I'm pretty sure I probably forgot someone.
My apologies.
This year is the first time.
There's also a GC Dev Room.
And I'm very happy that we're running it back to back.
So I'm hoping that enables some cross-pollination of IDs across the two communities.
So that is very nice to see.
Maybe a few words on if you're interested in participating in the LLVM project that
you're not entirely sure exactly where to start or if you're a newcomer.
I've put a few links here on the slides.
I'll very briefly go over them.
Most of the communication in the LLVM project happens on this course, which is a forum or
discord.
If you want to have the links, go to the FOSDEM schedule page.
You can download the slides there and just click on the links there.
The LLVM project has office hours and online sync-ups.
Office hours, it's where an individual expert on something in the LLVM makes themselves
available on a regular schedule.
You can dial in and any question goes as long as it's on topic.
You can just follow the link as I think about a dozen different experts who volunteer to
do that.
If you're an expert yourself and you think this is a good idea, please consider volunteering
some of your time, too.
Online sync-ups are regular sync-ups, simply on a very specific topic.
They're also all documented on the website.
We have a community calendar.
I have a screenshot on the left there.
You can't read what's in there, but it just gives an indication of pretty much any day
of the week.
There's at least something going on where people, sometimes on a specific topic, can
come together to have an interactive discussion.
All the ways to get started is have a look at getting started issues in the issue tracker.
This morning, I were 148 open.
We're now three hours later, so I'm not sure if that count is exactly correct still.
There's a link getting involved with HTML, which gives you lots of starters on the technical
details.
LLVM does take part in Google Summer of Code, also in Outreachy.
If you would like to work on LLVM and get paid for it, there's always quite a few different
companies looking, having job openings to work on LLVM.
That's all.